## Isekai 

I finished. I handed off the last patient to my colleague and began walking to my car. Something didn't feel right. It was late and I just finished my back-to-back 24 on call weeks. I was finally going into my golden weekend. A whole saturday AND sunday off. I brushed off my "off" feeling.

I got into my car and began heading home. 15 minutes. Not bad. It was 4AM, though, so I'm not surprised there aren't any cars. I wondered how long I could sleep before I needed to come back to the hospital for another 24 hr shift. As I got onto the empty freeway, I felt a bit drowsy. I mean, it was empty, so I felt like I could doze off for a bit. 

Then, I heard a car beep and everything turned black.

---

Then, everything was bright again. Was this the afterlife?

I opened my eyes and everything was blurry. It appears I was no longer wearing my glasses and that I was hyperopic. I needed my glasses, but then I realized that all I could do was make incoherent noises. It felt like not only were my eyeballs worse, but my larynx underdeveloped. It hit me. I was reincarnated like in those animes I watched.

But okay how old am I? How could I have these complex thoughts if my prefrontal cortex hadn't been fully developed? If I could only make noises, I am only around 2 months old. I couldn't even crawl or walk, so I must be less than 9 months old. Okay but where are these thoughts coming from? It must be "magic" like in anime, because my underdeveloped hippocampus shouldn't be able to recall the timelines for aging milestones. Then, how does this magic work? Does it create some kind of information tunnel which could send data like bits across different worlds? That was an exciting prospect. 

I cry and do what a neonate does. I felt the rooting and sucking reflex take hold as I began ingesting breast milk. I wondered whether I was adequately getting enough vitamin D and vitamin K and whether my mother had all the prenatal care. I look around. There was wood cabinets and an old stone stove. This must be 